update to voting cycle + uncounted votes (#10)
ethereum-optimism/OPerating-manual: manual.md

A Token House governance proposal is **approved** if it satisfies the following minimum vote thresholds:

- **Quorum:** The minimum number of total OP votes required to be cast in connection with a proposal. Here, a quorum is measured as *a % of the total votable OP supply*. “Votable supply” is the total amount of OP that has been delegated, and therefore can participate in voting. The total votable OP supply will be determined based on a reasonable estimate provided by the Optimism Foundation prior to each Voting Cycle. OP votable supply will be included in each Voting Roundup Thread. 
- **Approval threshold:** The minimum number of OP votes required to be cast in favor of approving a proposal. The approval threshold for each proposal is measured as *% of votes cast to approve relative to the total number of votes cast in connection with a proposal*.

> **A snapshot to determine voting power** for each delegate will be taken at the commencement of a given voting period. The Foundation will only accept uncounted votes that are verifiable on-chain, but did not propagate to Snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A snapshot to determine voting power** for each delegate will be taken at the commencement of a given voting period, and voting will be hosted on the [Optimism Collective Snapshot page](https://snapshot.org/#/opcollective.eth). In the event of bugs in the Snapshot tool, The Foundation may manually count votes, in the case that the expected, bug-free outcome is unambiguous (for example, votes that are verifiable on-chain, but which did not propagate to the off-chain Snapshot tool).
```
